work:
padh le IIT jana he.
how do people earn money,i want to know every field, every domain, every way, everything u know. read a about every industry. know every industry. everything
daily 1 learning
hachiman level thinking, awareness and ability to see through faces, how he always try to read what's behind every word and action
topics: body,mind,power,stratege,money management,psychology,human nature,time management 
meditate
Honmono ga hoshi
no hair style, no hair straighting, no hair colouring it degrades the hair quality to 0
oswall term 2 book
self study > class
Happier Oregairu amv

daily work:
study, slice of life animes, learnings
maths formula note copy (trigo, inverse trigo, determinants, differentiation, integration, function....)
for google forms forward link to another phone then use another gmail account and fill the form with wrong detail then see gmail and see the correct ans

what new learning did u learn today?
see how much time u wasted today, and reduce it tomorrow
r u better today than yesterday? if no then what r u doing? improve, grind, learn, strive, work hard, ...



no matter the situation, no matter whether u r called coward, or weak or afraid or lost all your pride or u r ashamed of yourself or whatever, u must quit when u r ahead/in gain/u got what u wanted at first, especially in something like gambling.

Only because one has spoken only truth and is always honest in all situation, doesnt mean that he/she will continue to speak truth. In mahabharat yudhishthira, a man who had spoken only truth and had been honest to everyone in all situation from his birth, spoke a lie to his teacher Drona. same goes for the other way also, only because one has spoken lie to everyone everytime, that doesnt mean that he will continue to lie.

have actions under the control of your thinking/mind, not your desires.

i dont want to trust/agree to something/someone only because i am tired to understand them now and give up to know them.


a simple way of improving yourself "read every book/acquire knowledge u can on every subject/topic u r intrested in"  


partial knowledge of/on anything is dangerous, either complete ignorance or complete knowledge of/on it must be prefered.

we humans born with complete ignorance and no matter how hard or how devotedly we try, we can never attain complete knowledge of/on anything because knowledge is infinite/endless, still we try to acquire knowledge on things and try to understand them because humans instinctively fear the lack of knowledge. but its not a bad thing i think. even though i know that knowing more means dealing with more and its tiring at some point of time, but still i always hated the saying 'ignorance is bliss'. idk whether its the fear of not knowing or something else but i hated ignorance/not knowing at its core like pure hatred was there in me for ignorance and even knowing hatred is bad and shouldn't exist of anything, i hope hatred for ignorance/not knowing to always remain in me. i dont want to give up on knowing something not especially because i am tired of trying to understand. i dont want to say that i trust him/her/them because till now they seem trustable to me and i now am tired to understand/know them more


even though we knowing each other, understanding each other is a different matter.


try to know why things r happening, try to figure out the stuff/world in terms of why is this happening or why is this not happening. this cast of mind kept over long periods gradually improves to cope with reality and help to understand things better


there is no such thing as good sin. No matter how u see it a sin is a sin. even yudhistir who said only 1 untruth/half-truth, a small sin was passed through an illusionary hell before reaching heaven


"ignorance is bliss" u say? u say "if one is unaware of an unpleasant fact or situation one cannot be troubled by it" ? hats just bullshit, he is fool who practices truth  without knowing the difference between truth and falsehood, and most importantly without even knowing falsehood

i dont want to call a fake/unrealistic/forced self-convicing and self-decepting belief as hope. beaware hope is not fake/unrealistic/forced self-convicing and self-decepting-belief.


beaware the most of the once whom u least expect. the lesser u expect once to betray/lie/decieve/... beaware of them he most, because they r the once against whom u r most likely to let your gaurd down and overlook them and as they know this fact they can betray/lie/decieve... u easier than others.



no matter how desperate your lust is, never let it do anything to others. doesnt matter how the other is.
no matter how mad,desperate,hopeless,lonely,lustful u r now, never let your lustful desires hurt anyone. 


if your life in the future will be very good then why would u sell your lifespan even if it would give u trillions of dollars, and if your life in the future will be trash then why would see u sell your lifespan as it would be of no value then.


noone is alwayas laughing or always getting laughed at.

be greedy when everyone is fearful and be fearful when everyone is greedy.

its not greed that drives the world but envy. avoid bias from envy and jelousy.


nothing is as good or as bad as we assume it to be.

sure its true that 'people fail because they dont realize the hard work behind to be successful', But also realize that not all success is due to hard work, and not all poverty/failure is due to laziness. Keep this in mind when judging people, including yourself. not everything is in our hand but it is for sure that 'those who work hard might not be successful, but those who r successful had always worked hard'. that is why it is said "hard work never betrays though it may betray your dreams. And so hard work never betrays but dreams betray many", still one is free to dream. its the dream that decides the our path and our hard work  keeps us walking on it

Be very careful who you praise and admire. Be very careful who you look down upon and wish to avoid becoming.

There is no reason to risk what you have and need for what you don’t have and don’t need.

It gets dangerous when the taste of having more money, more
power, more prestige increases ambition faster than satisfaction.

Getting money is one thing. Keeping it is another.

getting it is one thing, remenbering it is another


becareful with who u surround yourself with and interract to. its imp to surround yourself with people who r better than u. 

about surroundings


over the course of time its has been observered that the strongest isnt the one that has surived, rather the fittest one has survived. the strongest isnt the one that survives, the fittest/adaptive is the one.

there is no light for those who dont know darkness.
live in and eendure the shadows and brightness shall come your way.


you can get what u want from the world and life but u have to be able to give something that the world wants and u need to give it first

swimming is the middle of an ocean. one can never realize how vasr it truly is.
preoccupied/too focused with a single leaf and u wont see the tress, preoccupied/too focused with a single tree and u will miss the entire forest.
dont be preoccupied with a single spot. see everything in its entirely and effortessly. this is what it means to tryly "see".


fake it till u become it, kha? NO. be true to yourselve always. never decieve yourselve. it shouldnt be "fake it till u become it", rather "dont fake it, be true and try hard till u become it"

those who r numb to fear r the first to die. dont try to be numb to fear, it bigads your catiousness. its ok to sense fear but never let it overtake u, always have it under control. keep it at bay. have complete control over your fear. not being ablr to sense fear/unsurerity will bigadi wyour cautiousness. it may kill u someday. will have to keep fear at bay with your cautiosness and have full control over it. never let it overwhelm u. not sensing 


a guy who never achieved anything, talking abour success is often blind to their own failings. dont blinfly agree/trust the advice of somebody like him.


sensual pleasure is like a scratch to an itch, the more u scratch it the worse it becomes and to the point that it will lead to astray.


dont seek pleasure for its own sake. at most pleasure should be a side effect ot outcome.


don not regret what u have done/did. learn what the mistake was and try not to repeat it. on the other hand, dont too proud/happy of what u have done/did. try to keep doing it 


me nda phodhunga

He who enjoys first the fruits of his good acts must afterwards endure Hell. He, on the other hand, who first endures Hell, must afterwards enjoy Heaven. He whose sinful acts are many enjoys Heaven first.


if your environment makes u want something then its often not something which u actually want, its just that u get incfllunced for a period of time and try to achieve it. often it doesnt well and even if it does u wont fell much happiness as u expected u would. that is why sometimes we fell 'i dont feel as happy as i had expected'.


i dont think a life of energy conservation is superior. i dont look down on those willing to expand energy. i am just true to my motto.


the more beautiful and attractive something looks the more deceptive it is likely to be.

betryal never comes from the enemies, it always comes frpm the allies.

"u may coem to regret trying to manupulate me" thats exactly the line that i wanted to say


"Tang with your APM, thers barely anyone faster than u but there's a lot who is better than u."

i would get a place to sleep , food to eat, and do stuff i like to do, then why would i need money.

the best thing to get is to get what u deserve. if u get more than that u will feel empty, and if u get less than that u will be unsatisfied. but how to know what u deserve



on dec 1 unlink twitter from pubg mobile global


always take the high road becasue its lesss crowed
make yourself better than your present self (for good, so that u wont regret your past and present, in the future.). only u can make yourself better, only u can do something for yourself. expecting and waiting for someone else to change u is delusional.

not to woory about it but rather to take proper care of it. taking care about it and worry about it, both r different.

one must come to conclusion only after listening to both sides.

draw table phy table blank 

dont think u can skip a stage of growth, if u want to grow bigger. ex: if u dont like your current hair length then for the solution u cant cut it short to look good, if u want your hair to grow longer. the hair length will one day come cross that hair length and grow longer so have paitence and keep noursing it with oil (good things need for a good growth.)

i currently in ace league tryng not to look down on the crown, diamond players with time degrade tp their league and comes down to diamond league. i must be aware while engaging with them that : dont look down on them but that doesnt mean that i need to degrade myself down to see as equals/not_look_down_on_them but rather help them bring them up. try to match yourself with others by degrading/upgrading yourself for others will only lead to suffering. your growth factor will depend on outside factor which is beyond our control and thus leads to astray and suffering. havent u heard "i dont want anyone to tell me who to be."

i have a fear that "if i say something then it wont come true or happen or change to the opposite, mostly my deeper thoughts and beliefs. and thats why i am afraid to tell speak it up, by self decepting myself by tell myself that 'the thing which can be told is not the eternal thing, the thing who can be defined in words is not the eternal thing. thats why i am waiting for the day when this thingwont happen and from that day onwards i will share my deep thoughts, learnngs, and beliefs, ideas, knowledge,... to others and i wont be afraid of anything else. i will wait for that day paitently.' ". i must prove it wrong and overcome it, because it isnt logical and doesnt make any sense, its just a fear of mind, fears r caused due to lack of knowledge and so i will search/collect/learn the knowledge to over this fear, then finally i can share and learn knowledge withour fear.

"practice till die" thats how things r to be practiced. even if u mastered it, u must practice, till u die always practice if u always want to master it. its not about mastering the thing for once. true mastery of a thing is the mastery over the thing by practicing till u die. u havent mastered the sword, if u had mastered it, simply because u had mastered it, not have mastered it.

virtue above pleasure.

i need to learn to save people and help them. he art of helping and saving.

no matter the time period, the victory of abstaining from pleasures is better than to be overpowered by it. sensual pleasure in itself isn't enjoyable at all. its like scrating an itch which when scracted grows bigger and bigger and thus leads to suffering, astray and atlast early unwanted death.

death isnt an escape from life. depending on hwo u have live u go to heaven or live another life or go to hell to face the concequences of what u have and had done in the current life. there is no way of cheating this worldly cycle and balance. there is no way escape from what u have sown. "u cant expect to have an orange or an apple if u have and had planted a peach. u may wish for an apple or an orange but u will get a peach."

this is the seeding time and i will plant seed of oregairu (focus on it, learn from it, watch it again,...) to get oregairu (like a tree and honmono like its fruit).

never trade honor/respect for prestige.

if all succeed in doing in your life is to get early rich from passive holding of little bits of paper and u get better, it gets bigger and only that for all your life, its a failed life. Life is more than being shrewd at passive wealth accumulation.



be yourself, spot thinking what they think, but if u care about them then u have to understand them and for that u need to think what they r thinking and understand them. thats why for stranger its somewhere between 'stop thinking about others' and 'if u care about them then u have to understand them and for that u need to think what they r thinking and understand them'. well i prefer the later one. i want to understand everyone and everything. so "think lightly of yourself deepy of the world (not highly). but remember always invert, always invert. everything lies within yourself. before u try to understand the outside world first understand yourself, inside you. if u cant understand yourself then u cant understand the world. know and understand yourself well. very well."

dont look only at the peak nor only down to earth, see everything. swimming is the middle of an ocean, one can never realize how vast it truly is. preoccupied/too focused with a single leaf and u wont see the trees, preoccupied/too focused with a single tree and u will miss the entire forest. dont be preoccupied with a single spot. see everything in its entirely and effortessly. this is what it means to tryly "see".


u dont need to make friends with them. i said how to live with them. lean to deal with them smoothly without fighting or ignoring them.
thats what it means to adjust to society.


It’s amazing how difficult it is for a man to understand something if he’s paid a small fortune not to understand it.


When there are multiple solutions to a problem, choose the simplest one.




learn to be quiet. learn to listen. learn to shut up, especially when everyone is talking.


why r they shouting even if they r so close? cant tehy hear each other clearly?  
they r shouting because their minds r far aparat. 
we think that if we shout then the other person will hear me and do as we say, but when it doesnt happen, 



it's not a competancy if u dont know the edge of it. u r a disaster if u dont know the edge of your own competancy


in case of a choice between a good and evil (your know its wrong) deed, no matter the situation, no matter the consequences choose the good one. even if the evil/bad one will give u great things and so on and the good one will give u nothing, still choose the good one. in the long run good always overcomes the evil and the evil will lead to bad mental state , dissatisfaction, unstable mind, astray and finally an unwanted death (means u will die in a way which u dont want u) . in the long run the concequences of our evil deeds will always catch up to us. noone can escape from their deeds, not even the gods. its one of the worldy laws. its just how the world is.


the evil doer sees happiness and pleasure as long as the his evil deeds has not ripened, but when his evil did has ripened then he see his evil deeds. even a good man sees evil days as long as his ood deeds has not ripened, but when his good deed has ripened then does he see happy days. 

 

meditation isnt about being thoughtless, its about being mindful. he who delights in subduing evil thoughts, who meditates on the impurites and is ever mindful - it is he who will make an end of craving and rend asunder Mara's fetter.



its ok if u dont know everything. kha?

if evil/bad thoughts come then dont resist it, let it come and let it pass by. all u have to do is calmly let it pass by. dont try to block the entrance of thoughts incoming (good and bad both have same entrance) eventually u will be tired and u will the evil thoughts which u were trying to block will come and stay in your mind and cause suffering because u wont have energy to push it out. so let entrance be open but well guarded by ______ so u can tell whats r evil and what r good, but what is that guard, that guard is something which u develop over time, a sense of justice or a sense of good and evil or an ability to tell what is good and evil/bad, develp that very very carefully and mindfully,, be mindful of your thoughts, dont panic, dot think 'why this type of thoughts r coming to me', just your mind down, if its coming then it already has entered, all u have to do is push it out, and that if not tried hold a thought it will go, so be calm and let evil thoughts pass by, dont let it affect u and let go of evil thoughts and pick the good ones, watch your thoughts carefully see what is good and what is not, let go of evil thoughts, this is most efficient. dont try to hold it, it will go by itself if u dont hold it, then focus on something good. thoughtless is one of the highest of sins, mindfulness is one of the highest of states.
this doesnt mean that u will invite evil/bad thoughts, if its possible all evil/bad thoughts must perish and avoided.
the thoughts shall be well guarded.

control the mind before it controls u. learn to ride and tame the horse (mind) before it makes u fall on he ground (leads u to eternal suffering).


what determines whether a thought is good or evil/bad? how to know whether a thought is good or evil/bad? and how to develop that sense of good and evil? - find in ancient texts, vedas, gita, dhamapada, bible, stoic texts, quran,... your learnings,... and more importantly in your "slice of life animes" because u also know that they have it in themselves.


develop a sense of value. how?


better it is to be alone than to be with evil/bad people. be alone and do no evil.

knowledge - the strongest of weapons against mara the tempter.
ignorance and thoughtlessness -2 of the highest of sins

there r so many sins and folly in this world. so lets know about all the sins and folly and avoid them. 'there was all this folly out there, and i suddenly realized thst if i just avoid all the folly then maybe i can get an advantage without having to be rally good at anything'

if u do something bad or evil thers a sense or feeling that tells u it was wrong , why did i do it, i regret it now, ... develop that sense very very carefully and minfully. it the sense which tells whether something is wrong or right, good or evil/bad, sin or virtue,... develop that sense very carefully, mindfully, and strongly. so strong that it cant be broken with temptations.

i am too afraid of being controlled by others, i am too afraid that i will be brainwashed by the bad. so i dont follow anyone. how to avoid this bondage of fear? how to overcome this fear of being suppressed, controlled, brainwashed,... by others? face it? i am afraid that i will be consumed by that feared and be brainwashed, controlled,... and i dont like running from it, it will be a life time fear which i dont want, i dont want to carry a fear my whole life, so how to overcome it?
i dont want to be suppressed nor want to suppress others. 
i got this fear from hentai and bdsm. in hentai's reverse rape and bdsm it showed that ntr whic is immoral and disturbed my moral. it gave me an impresion that being controlled by lust and being suppressed will give me pleasure, which is false doctrine. now how do i overthrow this false doctraine and immoral thing which has stick in my mind? how do i rectify this misbelif? how do i rectify my moral values?
1) dont watch/avoid false doctraine means hentai, porn,....
2) rectify it but how ? by watching the good things, and moral things i think for now.
3) i have a sense of good and evil/bad in me which is not corrupted yet i think, so my that sense tells me something is evil/bad/corrupted/wrong then i will avoid it.
4) i will read my learnings and ancient texts again and again which i like so that i could make the sense which sense good and evil/bad strong and develop it over time, and make it strong. 

vagabond overcoming fear 

calmly think how? why?

developing a ritual is good or bad??? making something a habit is good or bad??? 
habit shape the way u see things and percieve. it  feel is like a chain which binds u and makes u rigid. and so make u not flexible and slows down your growth / shortens your perspective and percevering ability. 
developing good habits is good. developing bad/evil habits is bad/evil. developing unnecessary habits which dont have any prominant/real/effective result is foolishness. but
doing good deeds with good intention/motive again and again will cause good habits. doing bad/evil deeds with bad/evil intention/motive again and again will cause bad habits. doing unecessary things with thoughtless mind again and again will cause foolishness.  

no man is an island unto himself (no one is truly self-sufficient, everyone must rely on the company and comfort of others in order to thrive).
when we r child  we depend on our parents. in the middle stage 20~75 around we earn and live our own life. take care of parents and live a life without depending on anyone. if u r married them atmost u depend on your spouse. then comes the old age 75~100+ this age we need someone to take care of us. no matter how good your health is, no matter how big u r, u either had or will depend on someone  


make yourself dependable, not because it will make it easier to control people by making them depend on u but rather because 
1) people can trust u and u can build some good relationship based on trust.

if the motive / intention behind a good act if evil/bad then the act intotal is evil. if the motive/intention behind a bad/evil act is good then the act intotal is good.

making yourself dependable isnt same as doing work for them.



the ability to tell if our intentions r good or evil if disturbed by our desire and attachments.

desire and attachments affect our judgements in a great way.

learn ukulele.

be watchful, mindful and careful about your timing.

chem after goku, around 3

there is no such conquering weapon as the necessity of conquering. 

i want that piece of mind. the state where my mind, body, heart and soul, all have become one. the state i was in when i was watching and trying understanding oregairu at deepest of level. that level when i couldnt even sense time pass by, it was as if i had become one, everything flowing towards oregairu , so focused that no unnecessary thought came to my mind, as if my mind, heart, soul and body all focused on trying to underrstand oregairu at the deepest of levels. i was so focused that i even forgot that i was watching oregairu , it was as if i was inside oregairu, i could move in it, see everything effortlessly. i didnt even need to think what this sentence meant, or what this complex word meant, it was all fluently understood . it was as if my everything became 1 and what inside oregairu. no distraction, that state of mind, it was so fluently so effortless it was as if everything was happening on its own . i didnt need to think about the meaning of words, didnt try to understand it because i had already understood it before i even realized it. it was as if i was one with oregairu. that state i doubt i would ever reach again in my life. yet still i strive to reach that state of mind and wish to maintain it life long. 
that was a state which words cant describe. and yet i am writing all this,.. how foolish, what can be done , i dont want to forget about that feeling, that piece of mind i had while watching oregairu. i just dont want to forget. thats why i wrote. but remember that this describtion isnt absolute, it was way beyond what words can comprihend. done restrit your view/perspective to such small describsion, it was feeling which can only be felt, not described





'it isnt that we were so good at doing things that were difficult, we were good at avoiding things that were difficult and finding things that are easy.' 
it was just that they were able to find the easy things that were big enough to produce the same result that of doing the difficult things. they didnt try to go out of their circle of competance without thinking, they carefully and steady through continous learning over time accquuired knowledge to increase their competancy. and thats how they r now able to do things that r difficult so easily. 

is this the extent/limit of your power/speed/intellegance/... ?? yes, for now. i will increase it  simple.

excess of everything is bad? i dont think so . what abotu virtue, knowledge, .... the more u have these the better for u. so i think the saying must be, 'excess for bad/evil things is bad'. Na, it doesnt sound fully right to me, it must be in balance, like yin and yang. i think.


learn from zenes , attitude like zen chan


ultra instinct, its just that u make mindfulness your instinct. every cell must be mindful of whats going one.

survive your hellish time like how frieza survived hell, with acute concentration and focus. how frieza survived hell.

go through your learnings once again

not able to trust others? stuck in the past?? ka?



never listen to that devil's wishper.

how can i help these people? answer: ' what can i do to really hurt these people i am trying to help? and i would figure out all the things that would most easily hurt them for the worse and then i would figure out how to avoid them. then eventually ideas and opportunity will comes to help them and then i will do thats. inversion.'


u wanna know how the world looks from the top looking down and u wanna know what it looks like from the bottom looking up,aand if u dont have both points of view then your reality recognition is lousy.


great observer of human nature. understand human nature very well.

say u r selling something which is measured in units and u want to sell more units, do u raise the price or lower the price? 'well we have seen supply and demand, so u lower the price' .then u say,tell me the occasions on which u want to sell more units? 'u raise the price' see how conflicting it is. although the idea of luxury goods dont work all the time, but it works sometimes. see apple.


if u dont listen to fear then then it has no power. it doesnt mean ignoring the fear or avoiding the fear, its about having respect for fear as it makes us cautious and knowing that it exists, keeping it at bay, under control. not being controlled by the fear. when fear approches the it disturbs our piece of mind, thinking and calmness. so all u have to do be calm and face it. 

never let admiration turn into fear. it destorys yourself, makes u small, makes u full of fear, afraid all the time, and mostly it hurts a lot. i dont even want to imagine. admiratiopn can easily and very quickly turn into fear, in instants. be very careful, watchful and mindful, never let it. if it does turn into fear then remember why u admired them at first and find the initial reasons and hope those reasons will bring u back to admiring them. if it still doesnt then keep admiring them even if u feel fear, just keep admiring them and face the fear head on, eventually the fear will be overcomed by admiration. just dont give up in the middle. more than being afraid, it will hurt, alot. i dont even want to imagine.  


see the cause of the evil thoughts r even real ot not. if its not even real then whats the evil and bad thoughts for? ridiculous, if the cause if fake, an illusion, a dellusion, a fantasy then the bad and evil toughts r also fake. keep your mind calm, the evil and bad thought will pass on its on, just focus on the real good and virtues thoughts. dont lose your composer for something fake. dont be on rage for something which is not even true. dont disturb/lose your mind for something fake.


the thoughts which r not possible and r not even real affect us more and often than thoughts which r real and possible. 


self built dellusions affect us more and often than actual facts. 
its taht we built all these dellusions taht when we face the fact it seems cruel. 'truth is cruel because the kind world we think we live in is fake'. we build all these dellusions to escape reality and facts that when we face them we think that its unbelivable and cruel.

zennies had predicted this would be the outcome. they believed 'whichever warrior made it to the end would have enough virtue to show compassion for the other universes, and prove the whole cosmos worhty of existance'. if a selfish wish would have been made then zennies would have elimated all of reality.


read about psychology wont make u understand human nature completly. no book has comeplte knowledge of its subject.
u can't be an expert on human behaviour by only reading books about it. thers no greater teacher than experience. reading about it does give u  about it.


i dont want to kill my emotion, but stay calm, mindful, and watchful all the time. i also want to feel.

'with others same thing is happening, so its ok if same thing happen with me.' such a thought is dangerous. do u want something to happen to u only because it happened to others? dont u want something which u want happen to u rather than something which is happening to everyone. come out of this mass group, come out of this rat race, dont compare yourself with others. if something bad or evil (death is not bad, it gives meaning to life) is happening to others then r u ok if it happened to u? say yourself 'no hell way!' 
suppose u lose $100, so naturaly u r a bit sad . but when u know that another person also lost $100 u dont feel much sad? how laughable. u r just continously comparing yourself with others. u think its ok to lose 'this' if others have also lost 'this'. stop this. comparision kills u.

we try so much to become like everyone else that we lose our uniqueness. its not about trying not to be like others, ita about trying to be yourself.

in the persuite of great dont forget the to do the good. never.
its a failed greatness if u failed tos do / couldn't accomplish / sacrificed the good.


know all the myths and avoid being take in by them. 


people dont seem to get that point. do u have any idea why?
if people weren't so often wrong, we wouldn't be so rich.


rewrite all your learnings

formulizing things isnt always good. some things r just better of without formulizing. if u try to formulize things that shouldnt be, or cant be u would later 'curse the tree for not giving u mango, for which u had planted a random seed'. 
similarly, somethings r just way better if not put in words. if put it makes your view/perspective and understanding of it drastically small. which i think u dont want to.
similar with the rules for life.


life, there r temptations to be stupid in it.

its astonishing how people will resist to do something (like learn, do the right thing,...), if tempted (like paid,...) to do the opposite (like stay stupid, do the wrong thing,... ).


take the high road, its never crowded.
the inclination is nothing compared to the extra miles u have to walk, wrong people and traps u have to avoid, not losing your people in the crowed, even if separeated for your group then u have to search for them, trying to find the way out of the crowd, going zig zag, and so on and so on,... . better take the high road. its never crowed. u can see everything clearly.


never lie to your parents. if u cant say the truth, then say that u will telll them later, but dont speak lie atleast.

wicked wityness is never good, its evil indeed. if used on self then its self deception. don't use wicked wityness, it never trully acomplishes what u want. it just makes u more misasrable. twisting stuff will never do any good.

if u try to do too much u would destroy your own advantage.

day a lot of great stuff (wisdom,sayings,secrets of a better and happy life,...) .
well, there r very few great stuff (wisdom,sayings,secrets of happy life,...). and most of them r well know, simple, trite but still works wonderfully well to give u what want u (better life,...). 



99% will be in the bottom 99%.


we think we r smater than we actually r. we assume it to be difficult
our assumptions r always off the mark. its just how life is. so what? do u hate life now? and the answer is no . its just a fact to keep in mind.


the day i start looking down on great things, is the day i have become the lowest, off the track, astrayed, outt of the mind, immoral, stupid, corrupted,... . dont look down on anything. if its something evil, bad or immoral, just dont look. look at good things

keep reading the ancient txts again and again and again and again,

masabadi

he can do, so i can also do. NO! i want to do it, so i will do it. not because of anyone else.


never compare or mix stuff or irrationally try to relate stuff, u will regret it more than u ever realise.



when tempted be extra alert.	


man spends he most of the time in 'if's. what if this? what if that? 
well its not a bad thing. to get ready for the future we think of if this happens, i will do this and if that happens i will do that. but man doesnt think of the future only, he also think of the past. if that had happened then what? and then spends his time thinking about which never happened and 

man spends more time thinking about stuff which never happend nor would happen than stuff which actually happend or will happen. avoid this folly.



i respect those who have lead a fulfilled life, expecially if its a long one.


to a man with a hammer, every problem looks pretty much like a nail. avoid this folly. 


by far the best proof is experience

make a list of folly and avoid them. 


see truth and untruth of both truth and untruth.

days can never good or bad. good or bad r be actions. 



persian messenger syndrome, persians killed the messenger who bought bad/problomatic news. it lead to destruction. what if we do opposite. the one who brings bad-sounding/problomatic but true news would be rewarded x, and the one who solved it would be rewarded 1.5x of the reward given for bringing the bad/problem news. And the one who bought good-sounding news but false would be given a fine of x and the one who corrected the good-sounding but false news would be rewarded x. country/bussiness/company/... should grow in a good rate.  


if u forced someone to do something they dont want to do, they would just end up hating life. but its very imp, to know what u truly want to do and what u dont. what u like and what u dont. dont let lust, greed, envy, jealousy, anger, glutony, laziness,... decide and affect what u like and dont, what u want to do and what not. just keeping doing stuff, a time will come when u will like something for itself only, not influenced by lust, anger, envy, jealousy, greed, glutony, laziness,...  . u will just like it for what it is. Do that!




corruptions comes earliest to the one with most power. avoid this folly. when power is high, corruption should be low. if ever doubt whether u r corrupted or not, then read the ancient texts weekly: dhammapada, gita,...



logic is the basis of life. life is meaningful when belief is rooted in logic. 
for me "Oregairu" is the basis of life. it has everything that i need.

its a lot kinder to tell someone straight-up when they are not cut for job.



if u want to persuade someother, then appel to his intrest, not your own reason. keep your reason inside u.

avoid working under or with somebody u dont like, think is bad, is corrupted,... . its very dangerous. firgure out the people which r good, u like,... and work with them. solitude shall always be preffered than a bad companion. 

have a lot of assiduity -> sit down on your ass until u do it.

thoughts of mine were of trouble and mine were steady and i was ready when trouble came.
anticipate trouble (realistically possible) and be ready to perform adequatly if trouble came. 



if u dont love what u do then u cant make others love it.


u shouldn't love something that will detoriate or will make u detoriate/corrupt over time.


no matter how good deed u did, never self praise yourself for it. just say "it was nothing". its your work to do good, not for self praising and pride. 


avoid self-pity and self-praise, and still do good and avoid falsehood. its a very imp attitude to have.


avoid biases.


do u think it will tear me apart if i grow close to someone really talented? (one who has already put a lot of hard work in their loving field over a long period of time)?
being torn apart? how about u talk about being torn apart after u have torn apart those books from reading them? 
*learning attitude is imp here.

its dangerous to keep doing many things sitmultanously, at some point u will need to take big breaks and sort out stuff orelse at sometime u will break. sort out the imp once, and focus on those few. 
choose few after considering what u want to do and what u think should be done and what is important to u.

rather than keep doing: gaming, anime, manga, study, SOL animes, oregairu, programming, book-reading/learning, rather than doing all these simultanously its better to sort out few things and focus on those. : oregairu, sol animes, book-reading/learing, studying . these 4 r enough for me.




...burst... 
1 question. which part of that out outburst involved your desire?
i understand that others had great expectation from u, and u failed to meet them. but i didnt hear u say anything about what u wanted to do. u forgot what u wanted to do.

u analaize people? what's fun in that?
its not about fun or enjoyable. its to understand them. 



less sleep is not a solution for long period (more than a day).



eveything should be made as simple as possible (without degrading the quality) but no more simple (that it harms/reduces/degrades/corrupts the quality). 
be true to your 'nature', well that true. u should be always true to your nature, but if u dont like your nature just change it. u can change yourself if u want. but remember u can only change yourself if 'you' want, and that change should be for your good. the chnage shouldn't be affected by lust, greed, anger, glutoony, sloth, biases, and follys... .



u need to understand the 'why' behind everything u do.
u need to know the 'how this works' of everything u try understand. 


if they wont/cant explain it to u, figure it out yourself.


its a lot kinder to tell someone straight-up when they are not cut for the job.



do it right the first time. -rule?


dont victimize yourself, be a survivor. be a survivor of 1000s of victimization battles. 
when u get reverses, if u just suck it in and cope, that helps, if u dont just fretfully stew yourself into a lot of misery. just keep pulging, stay calm and dont giveself to a lot of misery, hatered, anger, lust, and so on. 
while chugging all the thing and trying to stay calm, a point will come when u will think hat itsd ok to snap


by far the best proof is experience. and what experience can teach, nothing can.



study a lot, accquire as much knowledge as u can, and have many experiences and if u do, your field of vision will increase.



if u r felling something towards the opposite sex, think what u want to do. u will know yourself whether it is love or lust/sensual-pleasure/sexual-desire.
if its sexual desire, distance yourself from him/her.



if the result what u r seeing is a lollapalooza, then look for a confluence of multiple causes and multiple forces operating in the same direction.



the area where u it is possible to be self sufficient, be self-sufficient. try to depend as less as possible on others.
not because u dont trust want to anyone else or something like that, but because even if u temperaryly depend on others then over time u will permanently be depended on thers, which u never want to be. u shouldnt depend on things which u cant control.  



u shouldnt depend on things which u fully/completly/totally cant control (ex: outside circumstances, weather,...) .


a confusion can be cleared by acquaring knowledge, but for hesitaion confidence, rational thinking,...



trust emerges from logic. the seed of trust grows best on logic ground.  







there remember why u started to water the plant. u started to water the plant not because someday u can pull it out whenever u wish. as suprising as it is, one day a u will be a lot fed up and think that u have been watering it and taking care of it for such a long time and why has it not given u fruit. u will think that its natural to be angry and so it is ok to throw out some anger and hatred which u have been taking in for so long, but dont, it is that point when u have to chug in big. u watered it and took care of it so that u can get fruits and flowers one day, not to take your anger, hatred,... at it.





chuggin it doesnt mean have a fake smile and pretend what u r not. chugging in means to calm down, really calm down and cope with the situation and not to brust. .




u r like a single legged man in an ass kicking contest.



avoid all follys (bad) and have just 1 good thing u do. u will succed exponentially!.
rather then doing a lot of good and a few bad , avoid all bad and do 1 good.


if u r busy prasing 'it' and u will miss 'it'

humans often do sins do experince sensual pleasure, thinking that it will give them happiness, which it completly wrong. 
its so silly how people can easily fall into envy-jelousy even though its a sin where one could never have any fun.
a grandmother (not mine) used to say, she couldnt understand why people got into envy-jealousy, because these r the only sins where u could never have any fun nor could even experience any sensual-pleasure.
i dont even know how this envy and jeolsy comes to us?  
its atnoshining how humans fall it into it so easily, even though  



u want to develop a good character and mental habits, then u have to learn from your mistakes, every single one as u go along. and u particularly have avoid evil or irrational people and highly especially if they r attractive members of the opposite sex.


history doesnt make the future, it history decided the futre then then present woul dhave no meaning. 
(i think/for me) history is only to learn from, present is where u apply the learnings, and future is what u r doing all this for.\



ahankar - soluntion - be humble
jab aham bhav prabla ho tab ahankar ajata he.




hatred - solution - love
not like something sure is ok. hatred towards bad things sure is understandable and is indeed fine. but only hatred wont get u anywhere. better than hatred and 'not liking' shall be prefered. and u shall never forget what u love. it could be playing chess, video gaems, studying, physics, anything except falsehood. hatred blinds our love. and so can be ceased by love. 'hatred can only be ceased by love' its an old rule. sure thats right but not love towards the thing/one u hate, because its not always good to love everything and everyone. remember 'Mashiro and Rita' situation and what Akasaka said. when endulged in hatred we forget what we love, thats where we became astray.   




love (romantic one)
i dont know much about it. i cant tell what is love, but i can tell is what not is love. i just avoid all that, and i keep waiting and thinking someday i will find something or someone what i love, and that works! (atleast for me).
what not to love - falsehood, evil, immoral, irrational,... people. 


its not always good to love everything and everyone. and similarly, its not always good to hate everything and everyone. 



my mind thinks after writing some learnign that 'Hhasss.... u have written it down, niw can not think of it' . i tink this leads to forgation of my learnings, so all i can do is keeep reminding myself of all my learnings daily.




no one owns the dead. noone has the right over the dead.




saman sharohar nahi, wyakti ki sampati hoti he. manusya ki niji karm se prath ki hui sampati.



whenever u find a fault in others, first check whether that fault is within u or not. and if think it isnt then find proof for it, not an excuse. 



history never repeats, its our deeds which r had to change because we what what we r doing is fine and right. its our deeds that repeat itself which is not always bad. if one does a good deed then let him do it again, but if a bad deed is done then let the man not do it again.


Never underestimate the man who overestimates himself.
he may overestimate himself but he is not wrong all the time.
but its often better to deal with a guy of iq 130 who thinks its 125, than with an guy of iq 180 who thinks its 200. the secound guy will make u mad.



I don’t care if the cat is black or white. I want to know if it catches mice.
black and white refers to how he looks, cast, gender,... .'catching the mice' is being moral, following the truth, being rational, mindful, doing good,... and avoiding nonsense, folly, biases, sins,...



copying even the best onces doesnt work to solve the problem. we have to make our own choises, by learning from others, not from copying them.
ever played chess? in chess even if u remember the best openings and and remember how to play the end games from the engines then also u will at some point do a mistake and lose. and u wont even realise why it was a mistake. every move u play if u dont know why u played it then u will make a mistak at some point.


'jiwan ak sagar manthan he, aur isko mathana thumara kartawya. kintu dhyan rahe manthan se prapth hone wale amrit ke sat sat wis ke adhikari bhi tum he hoge'.
so, if u see poison then happily drink it, becasue it means the elixer is coming next!




social ranking system must be based of one's deeds and capabilities, not on caste, birth, gender,... 




its better to live in reality (on facts and truths) rather than in fantasies.
facts hurt the one who lives in fantasy. fantasy tempts the one who lives in reality.



when u think of what u want, u also think what u want to avoid. and when u think of what u want to avoid, u also think what u want.



aja

jayaram987	
Jayaram123*


with shame and damage comes wisdom.


Do not be concerned
that no one recognizes your merits. Be con-
cerned that you may not recognize others

WBJEE 2022
Tentative date to start online application: 4th week of December 2021.


regret is necessary for growth. 

9:30 be ready in dress



what makes a girl, girl? what makes a boy, boy?
soul has no gender in itself and our body is just a vessel. all have functioning same heart and brain, yet all r different from others.

words r just words. mix them , when they sound cool people like the sentence. mix them, when they sound like something which helped them learn, grow it becomes wisdom. it itself they have no meaning, just words. even if it is used to convey feelings, it is not feeling in itself. feelings can only be felt. 
words put a limit on things we conveying (feelings, emotion,...) but without it the thing can't. expecting others to understand u without u even saying anything is delusional.

when your soul is pure and good, when u posses no ill intent, r true to yourself and do good, then your 'what should i do' and 'want to do' overlap on each other. your want becomes the should. thats the state of no friction, a path leading to an cheerful and happy life.
be true to yourself, u will know your true 'want'. but how to know should?(not sure:-) study the world, it history, how things have happened, what things lead to what (good-bad, progress-degrade, achievement-disaster).





time heals sorrows only if u accept the sorrow and grow with time.











playa thick sheet under the chair





even though i know what is love, still i dont know. (romantic one) (one know will be understad here, i think the first one.)


